doc: software_maturity: update Zigbee and Sidewalk tables (#23893)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/software_maturity.rst

| [1]: Only with nRF7002 EK, nRF7002 EK in nRF7000 emulation mode or nRF7002 EK in nRF7001 emulation mode
| [2]: Only with nRF7002 DK, nRF7002 DK in nRF7001 emulation mode, nRF7002 EB, nRF7002 EK, nRF7002 EK in nRF7000 emulation mode or nRF7002 EK in nRF7001 emulation mode
| [3]: Only with nRF7002-EB II

> | [4]: Available through Amazon Sidewalk add-on for the nRF Connect SDK
> | [5]: Available through Zigbee add-ons for the nRF Connect SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [4]: Available through Amazon Sidewalk add-on for the |NCS|
| [5]: Available through Zigbee add-ons for the |NCS|
```

Author: Updated.
